README.md, before:

# Setup Pantheon Terminus

A Github Action for quickly installing and configuring the Pantheon CLI tool, [Terminus](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus).

## Requirements

- [Pantheon](https://pantheon.io) Account + Site
- [Pantheon Machine Token](https://pantheon.io/docs/machine-tokens)

## Usage

Using this action requires first setting up PHP in the workflow. Huge thanks to [@shivammathur](https://github.com/shivammathur) for all that legwork creating [`setup-php`](https://github.com/shivammathur/setup-php).

Please note that the PHP setup action is required __before__ running Terminus setup.

### Workflow Example

The following is a Github Workflow example which will install PHP and Terminus, then output the sites on Pantheon for that account.

```yaml
name: Setup Terminus

on:
  push:
    branches:
    - master

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@master
    - name: Installing PHP
      uses: shivammathur/setup-php@master
      with:
        php-version: '7.3'
    - name: Installing Terminus
      uses: kopepasah/setup-pantheon-terminus@master
      with:
        pantheon-machine-token: ${{ secrets.PANTHEON_MACHINE_TOKEN }}
    - name: Listing Sites
      if: success()
      run: terminus site:list
```

In the above example, `PANTHEON_MACHINE_TOKEN` is an encrypted secret added to the repo on Github, of which the value is the Machine Token generated by Pantheon.

## Node Modules Directory?

Yes, the `node_modules` directory was commited to this repo on purpose. Github actions requires these modules in order to run and I chose to include the Node modules in lieu of bundling all the modules into one file.

Commit message:

7 Allow user to specify terminus version

README.md, after:

# Setup Pantheon Terminus

A Github Action for quickly installing and configuring the Pantheon CLI tool, [Terminus](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/terminus).

## Requirements

- [Pantheon](https://pantheon.io) Account + Site
- [Pantheon Machine Token](https://pantheon.io/docs/machine-tokens)

## Usage

Using this action requires first setting up PHP in the workflow. Huge thanks to [@shivammathur](https://github.com/shivammathur) for all that legwork creating [`setup-php`](https://github.com/shivammathur/setup-php).

Please note that the PHP setup action is required __before__ running Terminus setup.

### Variables
`pantheon-machine-token` (required): This action will not be able to authenticate to panthon unless you pass in your [Pantheon Machine Token](https://pantheon.io/docs/machine-tokens).

`terminus-version` (optional): Due to your project build environment, you may need to remain on an older version of terminus. If so, you can use this variable to do so. Any version format supported by terminus's installer.phar will work. Here is an example:

```yaml
- name: Installing Terminus
  uses: chromatichq/setup-pantheon-terminus@master
  with:
	pantheon-machine-token: YOUR_TOKEN
	terminus-version: 2.6.1
```

### Workflow Example

The following is a Github Workflow example which will install PHP and Terminus, then output the sites on Pantheon for that account.

```yaml
name: Setup Terminus

on:
  push:
    branches:
    - master

jobs:
  deploy:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@master
    - name: Installing PHP
      uses: shivammathur/setup-php@master
      with:
        php-version: '7.3'
    - name: Installing Terminus
      uses: kopepasah/setup-pantheon-terminus@master
      with:
        pantheon-machine-token: ${{ secrets.PANTHEON_MACHINE_TOKEN }}
    - name: Listing Sites
      if: success()
      run: terminus site:list
```

In the above example, `PANTHEON_MACHINE_TOKEN` is an encrypted secret added to the repo on Github, of which the value is the Machine Token generated by Pantheon.

## Node Modules Directory?

Yes, the `node_modules` directory was commited to this repo on purpose. Github actions requires these modules in order to run and I chose to include the Node modules in lieu of bundling all the modules into one file.
